[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I want to show
you what I like to call my Italian BLT
panini now it's got the traditional
elements of a BLT but it is going to be
fantastic it's simple its quick it's
easy and let me show you the ingredients
so we can get started you're going to
need some fresh spinach some beautiful
tomatoes some fresh basil some pancetta
that's been thinly sliced some pesto and
your choice of bread and then some
shredded provolone you can use
mozzarella you can use whatever you have
on hand but it just so happens that for
me I love using pancetta instead of
bacon which is more traditional for BLT
and instead of using say iceberg lettuce
or any kind of lettuce I to use spinach
because got lots and lots of great
flavor and it's really good for us and
of course you know have some beautiful
tomatoes to go along with it so what I'm
going to do is make everything on grill
pan you want to get your grill pan nice
and hot either over medium-high heat and
what I'm actually going to do and this
might sound a little bit odd I'm going
to take my family slice banacheck that
I'm just going to grill it for a couple
minutes on each side to develop its
flavor and a little bit of texture and
that's all I'm going to do for now and
it's going to take no time at all it
takes just about a minute per side so go
ahead and do that take my last chip
pieces off and it literally takes just
about a minute or so total doesn't take
any time at all but it really develops
the flavor so it's a really important
step that I wouldn't skip but of course
if you don't have punch I thought which
is really the Italian version of bacon
then you can just use bacon so onto
assembling our sandwiches now what I do
is take couple slices of good quality
bread and I like to use a whole grain
bread because I always have whole-grain
on hand that's my bread of choice and I
like to spread a thin thin slice but I
have to a one teaspoon per slice of
pesto now the reason why I'm using pesto
is because traditionally we use Mayo but
you know males not that figure friendly
and I'm not a huge
of Mayor on my sandwiches but if you
like may open by all means knock
yourself out all I'm going to do is just
spread thin slats smear of basil pesto
onto each slice last one okay now here's
how she goes now I'm going to put a
little bit of the shredded cheese
underneath pretty much everything so
first slice is going to get a little bit
of cheese and this is one with the
topper so don't worry about those two
slices just yet and the reason I'm
putting cheese on the first slice and as
well as a tap it's because it's going to
act like glue it's going to kind of
stick everything together so that's you
know that's why I'm using me that way
then going to pile on the tomatoes you
can just use whatever you want
just seasoning the tomatoes a little bit
with some pepper you do not need any
salt because pancetta is so salty it
will be so overpowering and then you'll
be completely regretting that move so
just pile on your punch I thumb
it's so thinly sliced it's going to be
amazing I don't like to have like too
thick of a piece of bacon or pancetta in
my mouth because I think it's too
overpowering and just nothing you can
taste anything else if you do that a
couple slices of bacon bacon of basil
and then I'm just going to put on a
handful of some fresh clean baby spinach
that's great so last thing whoops
losing my bit my spinach last thing on
the tube is put a little bit more cheese
on top because this is a top layer so
it's like remember it's like glue you
need something to hold it all together
that's fabulous so now I'm just going to
put a light drizzle of olive oil on my
grill pan so nothing sticks but the
topper on I'm going to just put them
right on here and those are going to be
on for a few minutes on each side or
until the cheese melts just flip it once
and you're done
these look great they've been on the
grill for just about
three minutes per side just until the
cheese melted I'm actually going to
bring this over to my board so I can cut
it just like that oh yeah look at that
oh I'm excited for this that is awesome
it is so incredible delicious now punch
at them just listen to me
get in your kitchen make the sandwich
because I guarantee it once you do
you'll never make plain ol BLTs ever
again I hope you enjoy spending time
with me
to get this recipe notice go to WWE TLC
next time bye bye
you
[Music]
called perhaps
you